


 create maven project and do simple test case
 
 1. create required packages and folders
 2. Add drivers to the folder
 3. create a class in pageobject and add all the drivers of login page 
 4. create base class and add all commonly used things in before class and after class annotation
 5. created a class in testcase for test case and add one test annotation 
   extend base class, create object of login page and call the methods of loginobj
   pas values that define in base class
 6. run login tc
 
 
 add log4j
 
     Log4j is a popular Java-based logging utility that provides a simple, flexible way to log messages at 
     different levels (e.g., DEBUG, INFO, WARN, ERROR) in your applications. 
     It helps you keep track of application behavior, debug issues, and gather valuable runtime information.
 7.  for adding log4j we need log4j jars and log4j property file
 8.  configure the  logger and add the log4j file in base class 
 9.  add log statements in tc file
 10. run and check the log file generted in file
 
 
 read common values from property file
 
     Property file is a text file which contain all the variables required for project. Name will be config.properties
     to read the property file we need one utility file name readconfig.java
     utility file will read all the variables from property file and give to base class
     
 11. create config.property file inside configuration folder
      
      ./an be user do get the project home directory in propertyfile and java class
       system.getproperty("user.die") can use only in java class
      
 12. Add variables to property file
 13. create readconfig utility file in utility folder
 14. create a constructor and load the file in utility file
 15. create method in readconfig utilty file for each variables in properties file    
 16. create object of readconfig utility file in base class
 17. call all the methods in utility file in base class
 
 
 run test case on desired browser
 
 18. define @parameters in base class
 19. if condition to execute different browser
 20. create xml file for passing driver value 
     
     
  add extend report
  
 21.add dependecy in pom.xml   
 22.create utililty file name as extend report file and import ITestListner class
 22.Define the methods in utility file
 23.Add screenshot method in else statement in baseclass file
 24.call the screenshot menthod from tc file
 25.add listner and class details in xml and run 
 
 
  data driven test case
  
  apachi poi jars
  xls file (test data)
  xlutils.java
  
26. add the methods in utility file to read excel 
27. create new test case for login 
28. create two method for test and dataproviver
    need to import all the date from excel into tpwo dimensional array
29. add the excel into test data package
30. define the methods in test case file
31. add method to check alert is available
32. write log out method in loginob page
33, write if else stament to handle alert
34. add the test case name in xml file and run
     
     
      frameword done
     
   ----------------------------------------------------------------------------  
     
     
     add new testcases
     
  1. create pageobject file and add all the ohjects and methods to call ojects 
  2. create testcase file and padd all the values
  
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     